Refactor filter for BigQuery crawler [sc-6267] (#136)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/bigquery/README.md

### Optional Configurations

See [Filter Configurations](../common/docs/filter.md) for more information on the optional `filter` config.

#### Notes

> Make sure to set `project_id` to `database` field in the filter configuration. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to use BigQuery project ID when setting the `database` field in the filter configuration. For example:
```

```yaml
project_id: <bigquery_project_id>
filter:
  includes:
    <bigquery_project_id>:
      schema1:
      schema2:
  excludes:
    <bigquery_project_id>:
      schema1:

>         - table1

Reviewer: Actually just realized we could potentially make this a dict instead of list.... :(

Reviewer: Oh wait never mind, we're already using set internal :P I guess leading `-` looks better than trailing `:`
